Chapter 8 Self Test

1. Using the code from Try This 8-1, put the ICharQ interface and its three implementations
into a package called qpack. Keeping the queue demonstration class IQDemo in the default
package, show how to import and use the classes in qpack.
R: "import qpack.*;" and so you can use all of its classes

2. What is a namespace? Why is it important that Java allows you to partition the namespace?
R: A namespace is a room used in order to organize classes, interfaces and methods in packages

3. Packages are stored in ______________.
R: Folders

4. Explain the difference between protected and default access.
R: 
Protected -> only subclasses and related can access its values
Default -> the value already defined when class is created, accessible only within the same package

5. Explain the two ways that the members of a package can be used by other packages.
R: you can import the entire package "import package" or only the class you want "import package.class"

6. “One interface, multiple methods” is a key tenet of Java. What feature best exemplifies it?
R: You can add multiple methods in another class using the interface, the feature of polymorphism

7. How many classes can implement an interface? How many interfaces can a class implement?
R: Undifined for both, how many you want

8. Can interfaces be extended?
R: Yes, they can inherit from other classes

10. Variables declared in an interface are implicitly static and final. Can they be shared with
other parts of a program?
R: Yes, they can, but can only be accessed by the interface

11. A package is, in essence, a container for classes. True or False?
R: True

12. What standard Java package is automatically imported into a program?
R: Lang

13. What keyword is used to declare a default interface method?
R: default 

14. Beginning with JDK 8, is it possible to define a static method in an interface?
R: Yes

15. Assume that the ICharQ interface shown in Try This 8-1 has been in widespread use for
several years. Now, you want to add a method to it called reset( ), which will be used to
reset the queue to its empty, starting condition. Assuming JDK 8 or later, how can this be
accomplished without breaking preexisting code?
R: You add another line with the method you want

16. How is a static method in an interface called?
R: MyInterface.method();

