Chapter 7 Self Test

1. Does a superclass have access to the members of a subclass? Does a subclass have access to
the members of a superclass?
R: No, the super doesn't have access. Yes, the sub has access

3. How do you prevent a subclass from having access to a member of a superclass?
R: You use the "private" keyword

4. Describe the purpose and use of the two versions of super described in this chapter.
R: It is used to access and use the members from the superclass inside the subclass, and its constructor

5. Given the following hierarchy:
	class Alpha { ...
	class Beta extends Alpha { ...
	Class Gamma extends Beta { ...
In what order do the constructors for these classes complete their execution when a Gamma
object is instantiated?
R: Alpha -> Betha -> Gamma

6. A superclass reference can refer to a subclass object. Explain why this is important as it
relates to method overriding.
R: We can create an object of the super class and instanciate the subclass, so it correlates the methos when created.
Example -> Animal myanimal = new Dog();

7. What is an abstract class?
R: Is an object used like a model, a template, for create other classes. Like "animal"

8. How do you prevent a method from being overridden? How do you prevent a class from
being inherited?
R: You use the "final" keyword

9. Explain how inheritance, method overriding, and abstract classes are used to support
polymorphism.
R: 
Inheritance -> A subclass takes the methods and variables inside the superclass
Method overriding -> A subclass can override a method from the super class, with other method with the same name
Abstract classes -> This kind of class is used, only, for template for others classes. so, you can't instanciate them

Polymorphism help you to change methods and variable behavior when needed, so theses concepts are a piece of cake on this

10. What class is a superclass of every other class?
R: The Object class

11. A class that contains at least one abstract method must, itself, be declared abstract.
True or False?
R: True

12. What keyword is used to create a named constant?
R: "Final" keyword
